
Beyond The Dark Sun
... For years I have traveled in coldness,
But my heart is warm as the darkened sun above me...
Nothing can never take away
What I've seen with these tired eyes
Face of the weeping night
And the shade of the fading light
The dawn will never rise again for my eyes
And I will never sleep again
I've lost my hope time after time
Cause the light has erased from the sky
Now when the darkness has become part of me
I got to let my shadows free
Cause I never looked behind, I never tried to find
Something that could have made me one
Now when the sorrow has taken control of me
I got to let my shadows free
Cause I never looked behind, I never tried to find
Something that could have made me one
Something that I could reach the Sun
Winter Madness
Divine creations now destroyed to uncover the haunted atmosphere
Strange visions of the ancient spirits, travesty of man appears
Coldness and the storming winds lurking for prey
The forces of the Winter reign in dreadful way, there's no escape
I'm following the mistress of night
Through the gates of snow we'll fly
We'll fly
Winter - The realm of eternal ice
Snowfall and darkness descends upon the vales of time
Distant caress of the sun's fading light
The lands were painted white with the Winter's might
My hands are frozen, my mind is at the edge of madness
Oh how many nights and days, I've been lost in this land of sadness
From the primitive thoughts, under the glimmering snow
And burning stones - they'll rise -
The artful spirit: "You don't have to die,
You can rule in afterlife, just concede your soul to me,
(your life is cheap) - no price -"
Sleeping Stars
Oh sleeping stars, why are you so sad tonight
Oh sleeping stars, will you shine for me tonight
Oh sleeping stars
Can you see them float in the night sky
Can you hear those echoes of their sweet cries, creating a tune
Can you see them shine so bright
Can you feel their loneliness through their cold light, touching you
My eyes feel so heavy when the stars are calling me
- Join with us eternally -
I'm falling in deep trance and my powers are weakening
I'm falling in a world between dreams and reality
I am now alone in the silent light
And there's nothing but darkness around me
Deeper into unknown the strange light is guiding me
Wake me until it's too late
Suddenly I feel a warmth go through my body
But I feel that a part of me has died, I sense the change in me
I must have been away so long
So please stay with me for a while
Battle Against Time
... I'm sailing away to undiscovered seas...
I see a golden light shining far away
I can't tell if I'll make it there someday
I reach my hands but there's no one on my path
I can't sleep 'cause my body is burning
Cold sweat, cannot breath, I'm loosing my mind
Reflection in the mirror shows a different man at night
And as hours and seconds pass by
I feel my every feeling wither and die
Do I really feel this pain
'cause sometimes I can't tell if I'm awake
Watching to the night, the hope is gone
Carrying so much burden in my heart
Watching to the night with tired eyes
Waiting for nothing all my life
Battle against time
I... battle against time
I am covered with cold ice, I am flying in the black skies
Fighting everyday, but it feels like, it's just the same
Oh time... you cut my heart and soul
You carve my will and passion of life
'cause the days of emptiness are piercing through me like arrows
I feel nothing, but hate and love
So much fire inside, so much left undone
Hate&Love
... I'm sailing away and nothing will ever be the same...
Death And The Healing
A windstorm dropped a bird from the sky
It fell to the ground and it's wings broke and died
But when the time got by, back to sky it flied
'cause the wings healed in time and the bird was I
Time is the death and the healing
Take your last breath, 'cause death is deceiving
Time is the past, now and tomorrow
Days fly so fast and it leaves me so hollow
A snowstorm blew inside a wolf's eyes
And the frozen tears covered all the mountainsides
But then the time got by and the wolf died
And someday that wolf would be I
Starchild
So mysterious is your world,
Concealed beyond the stars
Far away from the earth,
It flows one with time and dark as the night
Million shapes and colours
Are storming inside your mind
Creating endless dimensions
Forming universes without walls
Let go! of the stars, the stars that fell into the sea
Let go! of your thoughts and dreams,
What can you see now
You cannot save them anymore
- Wanderer of time -
It's too late now
- Creator of Dimensions -
Destroy the walls of time
Hands of the blind are holding your fate
Tides of life will take you away, will take you away
Starchild!
Visions are born from the unknown force
It dominates the way of time
The dream only ends, when the worlds come to an end
Starchild!
You cannot escape to the dark streams of the sea,
To suppress your dreams
Nothing can keep you away from the need to create
'cause your path is free...
I've hold the fire within myself
Years I've walked in the coldest winds
Through the deserts of sand and snow
The time is passing and I know
That I'm wasting my life, destroying my dreams
I'm diving into the bottomless sea
From sorrow and pain I find my strength
The more pain I feel, the more I see
Now I'm watching my life flowing in the dark
Like streams of fear running through my heart
And it's wearing me down until I'm gone
Soon I'll join the endless whirls of stars
And I fall (something is dying, yet something is born)
deeper into the unknown voids
And I fall (when will I find my silent dawn)
into infinity like a burning star
I fall like a burning star!
The curtains of mist are fading
And the veils of star clouds are revealed
Storms of new energy
Flows in the depths of my mind
New constellations are born
In total harmony of perfection
And the dissonant unbalance was broken
As the colours fell straight from the light
I'm floating in the sea of stars,
I'm drifting away from the shore
I will be lost in the dream when the dark days come
But I will make the time run backwards and
I'll make the stars shine again
I will light up the sky to a bright crimson nights
... And they'll shine together forever
With brilliant silver colours they'll shine forever
The whirls of stars takes you now far away
Away from the cold nightmare
Let go of you thoughts and dreams
And you will feel the warmth once again
Starchild! in the Sea of Stars you fall
You fall like a burning star!
Starchild! in the Sea of Stars you fall
... But there is no end to creation
Beautiful Death
My face turned pale before the cold eyes of death
My body was frozen by the stare from the dark
I don't want to think of anything but this storm of thoughts in my head
I wasn't prepared for this, 'cause I'm not ready to die
Nothing could have prepared me for this
 Only way out is through window of dreams
Nothing but blood so red and deceased
Nothing but pain, I fall on my knees
Tormenting demons, I suffer and bleed
Only way out is through window of dreams
The rain whips the lonely and crushed soul
The dark clouds are closing fast, the wind is blowing the colours of life away
The growing shadow will darken my dreams, and with the fire inside me it feeds
I'll be screaming in the stars when it's over
Storms are raging on the path to home, once so silent and calm
The desperate glare of the dark light is cast on the fallen one
And when the illusions sigh no more, the journey to new dream will carry on
'Cause life is just a beautiful death
Life turns a new and strange page
They will try to take everything away from me
You'll never know the future
Save me from the rain
Tell me what matters in life, if anything
I'm struggling with sickness
They will try to take everything away from me
Are you trying to hide from the end
Save me from the rain
Save me from the end
'Cause life will always be withering away from us
I want to be alone with you
And I'll give my heart to you, before I go
'Cause life is just a beautiful, beautiful death
Sadness And Hate
Sad night, the weeper of starwind sky
Take me where the shimmering lights are fading out
Through the shadows of hate and through the fires of grace
I followed the voice in the night, beautiful as black sky,
But nothing I found
My thoughts are captured by the magical chants
Of the spirits, but I cannot see them with these dead eyes
Lost I am in these dismal streams
Lost I am forever in my life
The snow is falling on the withering leaves, I am left in the cold
The shadows are crying in the moonlight
Is this night the last of my life
Have we arrived from our journey, I must ask you now
At last I can cry, 'cause these sad words are calling me tonight
My eyes bleed for you my star, my pride and the love of my heart
But why did you had to fly so far, I raged and it tore me apart
I promise to you with sadness and hate
Wherever I might go, you will know...
I give my life to the withering leaves
To the bleeding moonlight
To the crying shadows
I GIVE MY LIFE TO YOU
Behold the rain of stars - The awakening of darkened skies
Falling from the dark - The symphony of dying lights
Behold the rain of stars - The blazing fire came pouring down
Falling from the dark - And life and death became unbound
Sons of winter and stars - Rise!
Sons of winter and stars - Rise!
Sons of winter and stars! Rise! Rise!
Fly with us through the darkness
Sons of winter and stars! Rise! Rise!
And we shall embrace the stars
And we shall open the doors of time
I have awaken the darkness
Taste the fear! Taste the pain!
I am the one who seeks vengeance
Into the darkness we fly
Into the shadows they hide
Into the darkness we fly
They will never survive, they ́ll die
Oh they will die!
I sacrifice everything, just for one moment
I throw away everything that matters to me the most
I ́m flying through the darkness
The fire casts a shadow on me
I tear a part of my heart for creation of dimensions
And we fly beyond the restless shadows
We fly beyond the stars
We fly beyond the birth of the worlds
So old I ́ve become - Thousand years staring into emptiness
But now I realize - That it was just an illusion
All this time I thought it was you that would save the sun
Oh rain comes and washes the hate away
Now I am at the crossroads with questions
Somewhere, someday I will find what I am here for
Who am I
I ́m wondering now where will you take me
From the horizon the light comes alive
Into the mountains high we set our way
Will we find our way in this long winter night
I see the land of fading sun and rising mountains
And I finally feel that I ́ve found my home
But oh, how it feels so cold when my dreams wither in fragments of time
Revealing that this land will die
Before the winds so cold
The world was shattered in the fragments of time
Before the autumn rains
The coldness will again awake
Falling snow, so soft and cold
Dying moon cast down so weak
Frozen lake, the dancing spirits
Calling me to join in the cosmic dream
The silence is tempting me now...
We are the Sons of Winter and Stars
We ́ve come from a far beyond time
Forever the fire burns in our hearts
Our world shall never die
In the arms of the wind we ride till dawn
As the waves of the ocean grind so strong
We wander in the stars until we ́re gone
Our fate is sealed by eternal sun
Until we fade away - Fate will find it ́s way
Until we drift into the dark
It ́s not too late to find a way - Fate will find it ́s way
And fly in cold embrace of stars
Mysteries of time
Unfolding in cosmic dreams
Leaving life and death meaningless
Before the revelation of infinity
Embrace the stars!
The energy flows in me like a river of stars
I ́m surrounded by the circle of fire, but eternal ice has frozen my heart
I ́m lost in the pathways of time
But now the time has come for us!
We are the Sons of Winter and Stars!
Land Of Snow And Sorrow
Far away there ́s a land of snow and sorrow
Time has made the frozen tears fall like rain from the starlit sky
And I feel so cold, I can ́t make it tomorrow
Oh, but the night will see where this path will lead my life
Endless field of snow at the edge of the world and the wailing
Winds so cold scar my face, I ́m going insane
I am lost from the light - And the memories follow me in the night
I ́m left in the arms of winter and I am carried far away - Far away
Night is falling over my home
The land of snow and sorrow, oh carry me away from the cold
And I fall asleep, I will dream the last dream
All I was, is gone now and sorrow is all I feel
And the white snow is falling from the starlit sky
And the stars are shining like your eyes
You are so beautiful
And I will follow them in this cold winter night
So I ́d find my way to you this time
Drifting away from the warmth of the darkness
Caressed by the light of a million stars
The darkness will always be a part of my heart
Until I ́m carried away by the winter ́s arms
Night is falling over my home
The land of snow and sorrow, oh carry me away from the cold
And I fall asleep and I will not be afraid
All I was, is gone now and sorrow is all I feel
Darkness And Frost
Time
Darkness and frost are starting to reach
The heart of this land with a cold disease
Sleep now for a while before the storm awakes
And one day it will reward you for the burden of wait
The roots go deep into the frozen dead ground
Listen to the land of snow, it makes no sound
For ages searching the warmth of the sun
If it never finds me, I can die as one
Time will go on and we are drifting away in the night
I ́ve been searching so long, but I will find you even if it takes my whole life
But tonight I feel so alone and I know that you are forever gone
Oh time, don ́t fade away when I need you here, oh please don ́t leave me now
TIME!
Time! Fades away!
When time fades away!
And I ́ll never be the same
Time! Time! Time! Time!
You want so much from me - I feel nothing but grief and despair
How can I make you feel again - All my dreams are just visions I can ́t bear
You want something that I can ́t give - I cannot keep living in this bitter dream
And I don ́t care anymore
It feels like my life is ending
Oh, another year gone by
But nothing has changed in my life
And time goes on forever and ever
And it waits for no one
Time fades away
And I fade away
And I ́ll never be the same
TIME! Fades away!
When time fades away!
And I ́ll never feel the same
And I fade away!
When time fades away!
And I ́ll never feel the same
Awaken From The Dark Slumber (Spring)
Beneath the murky soil
The draw of the ancient spell
Swallowing everything in the ground
And then there was no sound
Twisting the roots of life
Distorting the obscure shapes
The day was creeping into night
And then there was no light
The mist was rolling from the mountains
Creatures were crawling under the ground
The darkness fell from the sky
And then there was no life
The spell was too strong
Too weak to resist its pull
The wind was frozen still as I took my last breath
But then there was no death
The days turned into years
The years turned into eternity
The natural order was twisted into dark harmony
Dark dark harmony
I created my own fears
The mist of sorrow encircled my thoughts
The demons came forth from the shadows bringing dark disease
Dark dark disease
With a sudden roar the ground trembled and cried
As the fire burned a hole in the sky
The light was swallowed into the ground and the colors were broken in the night
And all the stars' creations were left to die
Now! Let the dark disease wipe out all the living
Oh! And let all the lands be filled with silence
In the night´s cold embrace you left me astray
And the hope of new life fades away
Now! Let all the lands be covered in black snow
Will the morning sun ever rise again
And let all the creatures of the forest turn into stone
The slow demise has begun
Will this be forever
From the realms below we ride
And in terror they run and hide
From the shadows of old we rise
Awaken from the dark - from the dark slumber
Over the ancient ruins we fly
Where the old kings go to die
And new kingdoms rising high
Awaken from the dark dark slumber
Awaken from the dark - from the dark slumber
Awaken from the dark dark slumber
Rise!
Creatures of the dawn
Crawling from the depths of the frozen earth
As the shadows were twisting and turning beneath the sun
The sound of the moaning beasts
Blaring through the forest
As they´re roaming wild beneath the morning sun
Ride! Ride with us again!
Fight! And live as free men!
Die! And be born again!
Ride! Ride!
Ride with us again!
Fight! Fight!
And live as free men!
Die! Die!
And be born again!
Die and be born again!
Centuries in darkness
Bound to ruthless ice and snow
As the dawn of the new world rises, we shall be free
By the fire we live and die
And the light of the sun fills our eyes
From the fire beyond the ancient stars we are born
From the realms below we ride
And in terror they run and hide
From the shadows of old we rise
Awaken from the dark - from the dark slumber
Over the ancient ruins we fly
Where the old kings go to die
And new kingdoms rising high
Awaken from the dark dark slumber
Awaken from the dark - from the dark slumber
As the old worlds fall behind
Our spirit reaches wide
With no fear breathing new life
Awaken from the dark dark slumber
The Forest That Weeps (Summer)
I am the mist in the morning
I am the moss in the ground
You are the light that cuts through the stone
I am the worms in the dirt
I am the branches reaching the sky
You are the source, the orchestrator of life
In the dark rain the grey mountains sing
A sad song of winter and the howling wind
Visions of the past in the haunting dreams
Under the dead sky, under the withered trees
The night falls upon the forest that weeps
Father of shadows that forever sleeps
I saw the lakes that shimmer
I heard the clanging of the wild rivers
You are the voice that carries throughout the land
I felt the strength of my ancestors
As I walked through the land of the dead
You are the fire that burns forever
In the dark rain the grey mountains sing
A sad song of winter and the howling wind
Visions of the past in the haunting dreams
Under the dead sky, under the withered trees
The night falls upon the forest that weeps
Father of shadows that forever sleeps
In the dark rain the grey mountains sing
A sad song of winter and the howling wind
Visions of the past in the haunting dreams
Under the dead sky, under the withered trees
The night falls upon the forest that weeps
Father of shadows that forever sleeps
Eternal Darkness (Autumn)
Haunting darkness forming inside of man
Calling to return the blood of the earth
Baleful shadows gathering under the blackened sky
Reversing the evolution of the forbidden birth
Devastation of the hollow universe
Executed by wrath and absolute power
Completion of the perfect chaos
The pure destruction of stars
I am the immortal shadow
The ruler of dark dimensions
Behold my crimson nightmare
I am the creator of sorrow
Tormentor in the restless night
I am the hunter of fear, the bringer of despair
I am death
I am eternal darkness
Unleash the dark dream, the essence of deception
The fantasy of life will blind you like the flaming sun
The clash of the opposite worlds
The cosmic war of the unnatural state has begun
Embrace the suffering and prepare for transcendent attack
Obliterate the memories and smother the past
And face the unknown! And face the unknown!
Hear the call of the final journey
Hear the call!
Hear the call of the dark dream
Calling from across the stars of old
Hear the call!
Hear the call of the dark dream
Wandering among the stars... Searching...
Beyond the infinite universe...
Tearing down the structures...
But I can only see darkness...
Caressed by the radiant ocean
Soaring high in the waves of sadness
Obsessed by the deepest emotions
Lost in the beautiful silence
Oh the beautiful silence!
Fall!
Falling through the layers of mind
Fall!
As the world is crumbling before my eyes
Falling through the caustic vortex
And my heart is burning by the ultimate lie
The ultimate lie!
There is no end
There is no beginning
There is no truth
There is only darkness
And I curse you into oblivion!
I curse you for fulfilling your every desire
I curse you for your wild and relentless inner fire
Curse you for your need to breed and multiply
Curse you for your consciousness
The feeble rebellion
The great illusion
The cosmic war
I am the immortal shadow
The ruler of dark dimensions
Behold my crimson nightmare
I am the creator of sorrow
Tormentor in the restless night
I am the hunter of pain, the bringer of rain
I am death
I am eternal darkness
I am eternal
I am death
Loneliness (Winter)
Once I saw the light in your eyes
But nothing will be any longer the way I remember
I've become someone else and I can't go back, I tried
I'm lost in the fields of snow far from home
Follow the coast under the frozen sky
With a growing sorrow in weary eyes
Swallow the ghost of the lucid dream
And silent will be the mournful sea
The sands of life covered in white
From the darkest nights to the blinding light
I almost reached home, I was so close
But to be left alone is what hurts the most
Am I the only one awake
Am I the one who is fading away
There was so much I wanted to say
Do I have a reason anymore to stay
Washed away by the morning sun
Hear the howling call from the other side
And so much was left undone
The weight of the world quietly crushed the dying light
Washed away by the frozen stars
Feel the burning coldness of the falling snow
And one day when everything is gone
The trail in the snow disappears, am I finally home
